February 6, 2000
The battle to take place the Sutefigurafu want the enemy machine as exhibition match
From the graph retired in August 1999
If you have the opportunity to play in Japan again, you will be at a memorable Toray venue
And if you want to play with Kimiko
Realized dream match
I thought that many tennis fans were looking at it to see again
A battle will be realized in Tokyo gymnasium
It is this service on the other side
It is the first game of the first set
It was in
me
car
From the graph side to this offer to want to make such a trim Matsuo
After all, his is also so of course said that if not caught tightly When was
You can see the feeling of the Date Let's enter the second game
Better the moon
It's a tough shot, though
Now that's the case, but it's flat on the tongue and it's going to change and you can both sides
Hey do you
I sing I 'll tell you that the Date is in serious mode all the time
Point race
Is not
Oh before I go
Well it is a good likely I Aisapo main not good
le
amaran
Hey in Excuse me try Tsu Smash
Ah ah ah ah
Minutes
me
Ah ah ah ah
Yeah yeah yeah
I had chosen to play in a game with almost match point mood
It is Date, but it is already match point in graph of Japan double
Ah ah ah
rar
naruho
But really nice n
Good Iiii